 CSS
 CSS can alter and shape the way that an HTML element appears. 
 It can select elements with tag, class, or ID.
 Even though CSS and HTML are two completely different languages, CSS code can be written within HTML using inline codes. 
 HTML allows you ti type in CSS by using <style> commands.
 Creating a CSS file is simple. All you need is to vreate a file using .css.
 To link the two files together, you can create <link>
 The href element must be the adress, or path, to CSS file. 
 The type attribute describes the type of document that you are linking to. 
 The rel element desribes The relationship between the two files. The value should be set to style sheet.
The HTML tag for a paragraph is <p> and the syntax is p 
It is possible to select an element by its class attribute. An example would be the following: "<p class="brand">Sole Shoe Company</p>"
You can add multiple elemtns to an element's class.
An ID element needs an id attriute if you wiah to add it. 
The CSS can select an HTML element by their ID, by having CSS prepend the id name with a hashtag symbol.
CSS is capable fo selecting elements in HMTL via their class, ID or tag.
CSS classes are supposed to be recycled over a plethora of elements, so that you can change and alter elements in many different ways b mixing classes.
Classes can be reusable, while IDs can only be used once.
Chaining Selectors... It is very much possible for an HTML element to have 2 CSS selectors. 
This is done by the combination of multiple selectors, and this is refered to as chaining. 
Nested Elements: CSS is able to select elements that are "nested" within other html elements. 
In CSS, there is one thing that is far more specific than IDs, which is the !important tag, which can be applied to specific attributes as opposed to an entire set of rules.
It should NEVER BE USED because it will override any style, no matter how specific it is. 
To prevent writting repetitive code, one can add multiple CSS styles to CSS selectors. 
Multiple differently selectors can have the same styles by separating the selector names with commas.
The structure of CSS: To edit an HTML document using css, YOU MUST WRITE A CSS declaration inside of a CSS selector. 
A CSS delcaration consists of a value and a property... so what are they?
A property reffers to what you'd like to alter in an element, whther that be its size, or even colour.
A value reffers to the value of that property, meaning what colour, or what size or font will replace whatever was previously there. 
If you wiah to change the font or typeface, use the font-family property. 
Typeface and font-family aren't the only way to alter your texts. Did you know that you can alter the size using the font-size property. 
The font-weight property controls the depth of the text, which can make it bold. 
The font-weight property controls the depth of the text, which can make it bold. 
Text Align... To align text, we need to use the text align property, since text always appears to the left side of a browser
The left command aligns the text to the left side of the page.
The center elelment aligns text to the center.
Right align aligns text to the right side of the page. 
Color... foreground color is the color that an element appears in.
color: Color is the property style of an elements color that is used in the foreground.
Back-ground color: This is property syle of an element;s background color.
Opacity... opacity is the msurement of how transparent an element.
Opacity works on a scale from 0 all the way to the large number of... 1, with 0 being 0% opacity and 1 representing 100% full power, the ultimate form.
Background checks: CSS has the ability to change the background of an element. One of the few options is to make the background the image of your choice. 
 The value that must be given for the background image is an URL, that of a website. 
The border can be edited by specifying the exact number of pixels or uusing one of the following keywords:
 Thin
 Medium 
 Thick
 Stytle refers to the specific design of the border. 10 unique styles can be rendered by a web browser and key words include:
 None
 Dotted
 Solid
 Color refers to the colour in which the border will be. There are 140 keywords available that can be rendered by web browsers.
Thanks to CSS, borders don't have to be boxes!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is possible to edit a boxes corners border-radius property
With a bx model, one is able to to set all corners of a box to a certain amount of pixels. 
One is also able to create a border that is a perfectly symmetrical circle by setting the radius equal to the box or alternatively to 100%.
PADDING part I 
Padding is what's known as the space between the content and the frame that encapsulates it. 
There is an element that is capable of manipulating that space, refered to as the Padding Elements.
This Padding element is typically used to expand background colour and make content look less clustered.
If one wishes to be more precise, they can use the following element: 
padding-top
padding-right
padding-bottom
padding-left
Padding part II
The second usage for padding lets you specify exactly how much padding there should be on each side of the content contained within the box.
Margin I: The Phantom Menace
A margin is the term used to refer to the space directly outsde of the box.
It is tthe final component to the box model.
The margin element isused to specify the size of that space.
As much freedom as it gives you, if you'd like to go more in-depth into how wide you'd like each side to be, you can use the following commands:
margin-top
margin-right
margin-bottom
margin-left
Each one of these provides edits on the side of your choice.
Margin II: Attack of the Clones
If you don't want equal margins on your box, have no fear because you're able to specify exactly how many pixels you want the sides to be.
an example would be as follows: "margin: 6px 5px 10px 12 px;"
As we can see above, there are different amounts of pixels for the different sides. 
It's also really easy to see which side it's being applied to because the numbers go in a clockwise fashion, so the 6px will be the top, the 5px will be the right, and so forth...
If you're certain that you want the top and bottom values to equal the same, and the right and left to equal the same, you can simply input 2 numbers, as opposed to four.
example: "Margin: 6px 5px"
In the above example, the 6px would represent the top and bottom while the left and right represent the left and right.
Margin III (Auto):Return of the Sith 
Besides altering pixels, the margin property is also capable of centering content though to do so, you must follow a strict syntax format.
Margin Collapse: The One you Never Expected
difference is that top and bottom margins, also called vertical margins, collapse, while the top and bottom PADDING does not.
Like padding, horizontal columns are always aded together. 
For Example, if two div IDs, called #div-one and #div-two, then the lines will appear as far apart, adjacent to their previous locations
 Unike Horiontal elements, verticaldo not add, but rather the larger of the two elements sets the distance between the adjacent elements. 
 Minimum and Maximum height and width.
 Depending on the size of screens, and what can be viewed, the content and formatting of a page may suffer sometimes but have no fear for CSS offers ways to fix it.
 These properties can limit how narrow or how wide a box's properties are.
 Minimum Width: This element ensures a minimum width for an element's box. 
 Maximum Width: This element ensures a maximum Width for an element's box.
 These two ensure that everything within the box remains elligible.
 But wait! There's more...
 You can also alter the maximum height and minimum height of an element's box.
 Min-height: This ensures a minimum height for an element's box.
 Max-height: This ensures a maximum height for an element's box.
 Overflow: The Day 1 Patch
 The Overflow element controls what happens to the content that spills outside of a box. 
 All of this info that's sticking out can be dealth with by using one of the following things:
 Hidden: By sing this, all excess content that is sticking out will not appear.
 Scroll: When used, a scrollbar will appear, enabling you to scroll so that you can see the rest of your content.
 Visible: The default element, all of the content that is sticking outside of the box will be shown and kept outside of the box. 
 


